Slide 1: Good day, teachers and fellow students. Now is my turn to present my work, on the "Calculation of the linear absorption spectrum of MoS2". First, let's go through the overview of this presentation. I will go through the overview of the compound, its properties, and why we choose this path:
Transition metal dichalcogenides, which I will refer to as TMD, are compounds of the type MX2. The monolayer structure is like a sandwich, with chalcogenide layers above and below and the transition metal layer in between. The first Brillouin zone, which I will abbreviate as BZ, has a hexagonal shape. TMD has a layered structure, so it's easy to create a monolayer by extracting the layers like a Lego structure.
The monolayer of TMD has some interesting properties, such as: "Stable in the air at the room's temperature", direct band-gap in the visible light range, "no center of inversion" and strong spin-orbit coupling. These properties of TMD promise it will become a gift material in electronic and optoelectronic. For example: making solar cells with aiming to surpass the Schockley-Queisser limit.
In this work, we calculate the linear absorption spectrum to obtain the exciton binding energy. Since TMD is a low-dimensional material, it results in a huge exciton binding energy (two magnitude orders compared with other bulk semiconductors). Early theories predict binding energy is too large compared with the experiment, so we need to calculate it to match with the experiment. In this work, we choose a tight-binding model, which is developed to fit in the entire BZ.
The tight-binding wave function has the form of Eq. (1). Including it into the time-independence Schrödinger to get Eq. (2) and Eq. (3). 
The model we use in this work is called the three-band tight-binding models, It using basic function of 3 d-type orbitals as shown.
The BS of this model is shown here, which huge band split (about 144 meV) at K and K' points. In this work, we will focus on the transition between the valence bands and the first pair of conduction bands.
Using the semiconductor Bloch equation (SBE), we solve it in the form of Eq. (4) to obtain the time-dependent evolution of density matrix elements.
Along with the dipole matrix element, we can obtain the interband polarization through Eq. (9).
However, the hexagon BZ of TMD is inconvenient for us when sampling the k-grid, so we will use the rhombus primitive cell with the same area as the hexagon. In order to numerically evaluate results across the entire BZ, we approximate the sum by the integral.
When considering the Coulomb interaction, it's essential to account for every k-point in the Rhombus. However, including every k-point may result in an overwhelming workload for achieving convergence. For this reason, we employ a technique that focuses specifically on k-points around K and K'. For instance, with the K' point, we draw a circle and calculate the Coulomb interaction only if both points fall within this circle. The same process applies to the K point.

The polarized external field has a Gaussian envelope form with these properties to obtain the weak excitation limit for the linear absorption calculation.
The experiment measurement gives us two peaks, labeled as A and B, they also have a weak trion peak in here. To fit with the measurement, we will investigate the relationship between relative permittivity and dephasing time T2 with linear absorption spectrum.
As we vary T2, two peaks become clearer at bigger T2, which agrees with the measurement. We can also see smaller peaks, which are other exciton peaks but too small to appear in the measurement.
The binding energy is affected through the relative permittivity, as we increase the epsilon, two peaks move to the right of the spectrum. With the same epsilon equal to 2.5, we obtain the same results as the experiment, approximately 0.24 eV for the exciton binding energy.

So far, we have used the three-band tight-binding model and semiconductor Bloch equations to calculate the linear absorption spectrum. We confirm that this model matches the results with the experiment data and also predicts smaller exciton peaks. For further results, we can include the many-body interaction in the calculation of other phenomena for a realistic picture of TMD's properties.
Thank you for your listening.